It’s really okay that you don’t want to have a conversation, but isnt it better to just say it, instead of ignoring people and only answering with a simple ok?

This word, two or four letters, depends on which variant you use, it has so many meanings.

Maybe you don’t wanna have a conversation with them, but you don’t need to text ok after every message they say. Maybe you are busy, and you just wanna let them know, that you got the message. Or the last scenario might be that you just don’t think that they need any more information and a simple ok is enough. 

The word can be used to really show that you are not interested in this conversation or just accepted what they were saying.

Usually when I ask someone about something that is important to me , I assume they will come up with a normal answer, telling me more than just one basic ok. 

Maybe I am too sensitive, maybe not, however it upsets me and It creates this question that I  ask myself and that’s if everything’s alright. 

The word okay can be used in so many scenarios.
Imagine you’re asking someone close to you about something they might like, but you’re not sure if they’d like it? Would you like to go out? Ok… Do they really wanna go out, or are they just not interested enough. What does that ‘’ok’’ mean to them, right?

Why?
It’s simple and fast way of answering when they don’t have time to respond.

Why? 
They might be overloaded with work, or they are hanging out with someone else, so they might just wanna let you know that they’ve read your message.

Why? They don’t wanna get interrupted with what they are doing rn or they wanna be still fully focused on the present with someone else there and it might be rude to be on the phone.

Sometimes people might be just too busy, so they answer you a ‘’ok’’ message, meaning that they’ve read it and will look into it later. Sometimes they will answer with a ‘’ok’’ to let you know that they are not interested in continuing the conversation/ arguing. 

Whatever the case is, the word okay is one the most used phrases in the world, and everyone will understand what you mean. 
